# Project Start

## Meeting Logistics
- 5/6
- 3:00pm

## Attendance
-  [x] David
-  [x] Hayden
-  [x] Joshua
-  [x] Kristhian
-  [x] Sang
-  [x] Spencer
-  [x] Timothy
-  [x] Fiona
-  [x] Selina
-  [x] Devan

## Content Overview
- [Meeting Topic](#meeting-topic)
  - [Meeting Logistics](#meeting-logistics)
  - [Attendance](#attendance)
  - [Content Overview](#content-overview)
  - [Content](#content)
    - [Pitch Feedback](#pitch-feedback)
    - [CI/CD Intro](#ci/cd-intro)
    - [Project Design and Development Tasks](#project-design-and-development-tasks)
    - [Project Features](#project-features)
  - [Plan of Action](#plan-of-action)

## Content


### Pitch Feedback
- Smruthi liked the pitch overall
- Pitch deck itself was well done
- Should try to finalize our tech stack
  - For now, stick to HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  - Not allowed to use cloud databases for now
  - Could change in the future
- Timeline:
  - Priority is to get web app working
  - See if we have time for the pop-up widget

### CI/CD Intro
- A few tasks for the assignment
  - Establish a format for commit and pull request messages
  - Establish a coding style
  - Workflow for testing (will probably do this after development)

### Project Design and Development Tasks
- Tasks have been assigned and sent out in Slack
  - They are numbered in the rough order they should be completed in
- Repository directory structure has been set up
  - Rough structure, can be adjusted
- Rough project design has been decided on, a nicer and more detailed design will be created

### Project Features
- Web page features:
  - Sent in the Slack
- Widget features:
  - Will be decided on later

## Plan of Action
- Will go over how Jira (project tracking software) works in Wednesday's meeting
- Try to conform to each other's coding styles, will decide in more detail as we work
- Go over deliverables for the CI/CD pipeline assignment next meeting