# Project Check-In

## Meeting Logistics
- 5/8
- 7:30pm

## Attendance
-  [x] David
-  [x] Hayden
-  [ ] Joshua
-  [x] Kristhian
-  [ ] Sang
-  [x] Spencer
-  [x] Timothy
-  [x] Fiona
-  [x] Selina
-  [x] Devan

## Content Overview
- [Meeting Topic](#meeting-topic)
  - [Meeting Logistics](#meeting-logistics)
  - [Attendance](#attendance)
  - [Content Overview](#content-overview)
  - [Content](#content)
    - [Check-In](#check-in)
    - [Integrating Jira](#integrating-jira)
    - [CI/CD](#cicd)
    - [Design](#design)
  - [Plan of Action](#plan-of-action)

## Content

### Check-In
- Quick check-in (no standup because most of us haven't done much work due to the midterm)
- Timothy has worked on the HTML
- David has worked on the CI/CD pipeline
- Kristhian has worked on the design

### Integrating Jira
- We will be using Jira (primarily for task tracking): https://27wayfarers.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/KAN/list
- Covered some features of Jira:
  - Timeline
  - Board
    - Try to update the board when starting or finishing tasks
  - List

### CI/CD
- Deliverables:
  - phase1.png: diagram of phase 1 build pipeline using draw.io
  - phase1.md: ~2 page status on the pipeline of what is working and what is expected to be implemented
  - phase1.mp4: 1-2 minute video showcasing the pipeline
- For phase 1, we'll have:
  - Linting and code style enforcement
  - Code quality via human review
- In the future, we will add:
  - Unit tests via automation
  - Documentation generation via automation
  - Other testing (including end-to-end, etc.)
- Might decide not to use code quality testing via a tool

### Design
- Kris made a design for the profile page: https://www.figma.com/file/CUg5HKn0aX2XD481bLq2hM/CodeLog?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design
- Use it as a guide for how the site should look
- Also refer to the Miro board for rough designs

## Plan of Action
- Try to get current tasks "partially done" (have drafts done) by Sunday (late deadline could be next Tuesday)