# Standup

## Meeting Logistics
- 5/20
- 3:00pm

## Attendance
- [x] David
- [x] Hayden
- [x] Joshua
- [x] Kristhian
- [x] Sang
- [x] Spencer
- [x] Timothy
- [x] Fiona
- [x] Selina
- [x] Devan

## Content Overview
- [Meeting Logistics](#meeting-logistics)
- [Attendance](#attendance)
- [Content Overview](#content-overview)
- [Stand Up](#stand-up)
- [Content](#content)
  - [Project Updates](#project-updates)
- [Plan of Action](#plan-of-action)

## Stand Up
| Name | Progress | Priorities | Problems |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| David | Discussed/researched storage options |  | Waiting on JS to be done to start working on unit tests |
| Hayden | Discussed/researched storage options | Finalize page designs |  |
| Joshua |  |  | Waiting on JS to be done to start working on unit tests |
| Kristhian | Worked on journal entry page JS, worked on individual project page HTML/CSS | Work on journal entry page JS, work on individual project page HTML/CSS |  |
| Sang | Discussed/researched storage options, worked on storage framework | Work on making everything local-first |  |
| Spencer | Worked on project homepage HTML/CSS | Work on project homepage "add" button |  |
| Timothy | Worked on project homepage HTML/CSS | Work on project homepage JS |  |
| Fiona | Worked on "add" button for all pages | Work on profile editing and journal entry "add" button | Have some questions about button design |
| Selina | Worked on journal entry page HTML/CSS |  | Waiting for other page CSS to be done to match their design choices |
| Devan | Worked on individual project page HTML/CSS | Work on individual project page |  |

## Content

### Project Updates
- We'll be sticking with using localStorage instead of databases, since they're simpler
- Kris updated the file names for more clarity
- Designs will be finalized (as much as possible) for more clarity

## Plan of Action
- Look out for updated task assignments in Slack
- Continue working on assigned tasks