# Check-In

## Meeting Logistics
- 6/3
- 3:30pm

## Attendance
- [x] David
- [x] Hayden
- [x] Joshua
- [x] Kristhian
- [x] Sang
- [x] Spencer
- [x] Timothy
- [x] Fiona
- [ ] Selina
- [x] Devan

## Content Overview
- [Meeting Logistics](#meeting-logistics)
- [Attendance](#attendance)
- [Content Overview](#content-overview)
- [Stand Up](#stand-up)
- [Content](#content)
  - [Project Structure Clarifications](#project-structure-clarifications)
  - [Wednesday/Friday Meeting](#wednesdayfriday-meeting)
  - [Checkup and Checkout](#checkup-and-checkout)
- [Plan of Action](#plan-of-action)

## Stand Up
| Name | Progress | Priorities | Problems |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| David | Worked on pipeline | Add code coverage, test coverage, unit tests |  |
| Hayden |  |  |  |
| Joshua | Worked on R&D, E2E testing | Continue working on R&D, E2E testing |  |
| Kristhian | Worked on `localStorage` | Continue working on `localStorage` |  |
| Sang | Finished JS for creating new entry, worked on adding entries to `localStorage` | Continue working on adding entries to `localStorage` | Waiting for button to be integrated to project page, home page `localStorage` to be done |
| Spencer | Worked on journal entry creation, finished profile setting | Work on adding tags, integrate journal entry creation in project page |  |
| Timothy | Worked on project deletion, dragging/dropping projects | Continue working on project deletion, dragging/dropping |  |
| Fiona | Worked on journal entry creation, finished profile setting | Work on adding tags, integrate journal entry creation in project page |  |
| Selina |  |  |  |
| Devan | Worked on dragging/dropping journal entries | Work on project page JS tasks |  |

## Content


### Project Structure Clarifications
- Some people thought a project page contained multiple journals, each with journal entries
- However, the actual structure is that each project contains journal entries, which each lead to a single page
- "Add" button on the home page adds projects, "add" button on the project page adds journal entries
- Nav bar contains "home" and "setting" options
- We will not have a template editor

### Wednesday/Friday Meeting
- We're having a coding session on Wednesday from 2-6pm
  - If we get everything done, we can do the sprint review/retrospective that night
  - Otherwise, we will have another meeting Friday

### Checkup and Checkout
- Hard deadline for code to be completed is June 8th
  - "Soft" (hard) deadline is Friday to have time for testing
- Deadline to complete other assignments is June 11th
- Make sure to use JSDoc, update GitHub Issues and Jira

## Plan of Action
- Continue working on tasks, try to attend the coding session on Wednesday